1.Which of the following is an example of clustering?
a.Compress elongated clouds of data into more spherical representations
b.Separate the data into distinct groups by similarity-a
c.Accumulate data into groups based on labels
d.Creating a new representation of the data with fewer features

Question 2
Which of the following are advantages to using decision trees over other models? (Select all that apply)
a.Decision trees can learn complex statistical models using a variety of kernel functions
b.Trees are naturally resistant to overfitting
c.Trees are easy to interpret and visualize-a
d.Trees often require less preprocessing of data-a

3.What is the main reason that each tree of a random forest only looks at a random subset of the features when building each node?
a.To reduce the computational complexity associated with training each of the trees needed for the random forest.
b.To learn which features are not strong predictors
c.To increase interpretability of the model
d.To improve generalization by reducing correlation among the trees and making the model more robust to bias.-a


4.Which of the following supervised machine learning methods are greatly affected by feature scaling? (Select all that apply)
a.Neural Networks-a
b.Decision Trees
c.Support Vector Machines-a
d.Naive Bayes
e.KNN-a

Question 5
Select which of the following statements are true.
a.For predicting future sales of a clothing line, Linear regression would be a better choice than a decision tree regressor.-a
b.For having an audience interpret the fitted model, a support vector machine would be a better choice than a decision tree.
c.For a model that won’t overfit a training set, Naive Bayes would be a better choice than a decision tree.-a
d.For a fitted model that doesn’t take up a lot of memory, KNN would be a better choice than logistic regression.

Question 6
a-{n,k,d}

7.


8.For the autograded assignment in this module, you will create a classifier to predict whether a given blight ticket will be paid on time (See the module 4 assignment notebook for a more detailed description). Which of the following features should be removed from the training of the model to prevent data leakage? (Select all that apply)
a.collection_status - Flag for payments in collections-a
b.ticket_issued_date - Date and time the ticket was issued
c.grafitti_status - Flag for graffiti violations
d.compliance_detail - More information on why each ticket was marked compliant or non-compliant-a
e.agency_name - Agency that issued the ticket


Question 9
Which of the following might be good ways to help prevent a data leakage situation?
a.If time is a factor, remove any data related to the event of interest that doesn’t take place prior to the event.
b.Ensure that data is preprocessed outside of any cross validation folds.
c.Remove variables that a model in production wouldn’t have access to
d.Sanity check the model with an unseen validation set
{{b,c},d,{a,b,c,d},}

Question 10
Given the neural network below, find the correct outputs for the given values of x1 and x2.

The neurons that are shaded have an activation threshold, e.g. the neuron with >1? will be activated and output 1 if the input is greater than 1 and will output 0 otherwise.
b

